I want one million taels. If you don't have it, you'll be gone.
One million taels, ring, ring, ring,
Lingling, you are really a master who opens your mouth.
Therefore, Wang Qianqian was uncertain and cruel.
You can go up there in a little while.
You want to trade my life for the lives of hundreds of Ling family members.
Not a million taels, but ten thousand dozen.
You, you, you didn't mess with me, let me tell you.
I must see this one million taels before tomorrow,
Otherwise, I will report the morning bell.
I said don't look at anything. If you think of them, just keep your eyes shut.
You, you, you private head.
Your Majesty, you made Miss Ling's affairs become a thing of beauty,
Just think about it
Is he looking for me like this?